Simplify KubernetesPodOperator Local Instructions - `docker-desktop` kubeconfig (#3039)
astronomer/docs: learn/kubepod-operator.md

    ]}>
<TabItem value="windows and mac">

1. Copy the `docker-desktop` context from the Kubernetes configuration file and save it as a separate file in the `/include/.kube/` folder in your Astro project. The `config` file contains all the information the KubernetesPodOperator uses to connect to your cluster.

    ```bash
    kubectl set-config docker-desktop
    kubectl config view -- minify --raw > <Astro project directory>/include/.kube
    ```

    After running these commands, you will find a `config` file in the `/include/.kube/` folder of your Astro project which resembles this example:

    ```
    clusters:
    - cluster:
    certificate-authority-data: <certificate-authority-data>
    server: https://kubernetes.docker.internal:6443/
    name: docker-desktop
    contexts:
    - context:
    cluster: docker-desktop
    user: docker-desktop
    name: docker-desktop
    current-context: docker-desktop
    kind: Config
    preferences: {}
    users:
    - name: docker-desktop
    user:
    client-certificate-data: <client-certificate-data>
    client-key-data: <client-key-data>
    ```

> 2. If facing issues connecting, check the server configuration in the `kubeconfig` file. If `server: https://localhost:6445` is present, change to `server: https://kubernetes.docker.internal:6443` to identify the localhost running Kubernetes Pods. If this doesn't work, try `server: https://host.docker.internal:6445`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you have issues connecting, check the server configuration in the `kubeconfig` file. If `server: https://localhost:6445` is present, change to `server: https://kubernetes.docker.internal:6443` to identify the localhost running Kubernetes Pods. If this doesn't work, try `server: https://host.docker.internal:6445`.
```
